easy DIY makeovers comm brings you the
yeas family they just finished the
custom concrete countertop makeover
before we had this product on our
countertops we had ugly white damaged
Formica and now we've got beautiful
concrete it looks like all solid stone
and just to see step by step and move
from each stage to the next was just fun
and last night we're in the kitchen and
we're just saying we have a totally
different kitchen the instruction guide
was really helpful and the online videos
helped tremendously not only to read
about what needed to be done but
actually see somebody doing it and
following the process those
instructional videos were really helpful
the most fun part of the project for me
I think was spraying on the color and
then just watching each successive step
of the color process and then a sealer
just bring out the colors that you want
to put in there putting on the concrete
the troweling took a lot of time but it
was fun to watch it come together I'd
say my favorite part was actually for me
on the sealer which I didn't put it on
he put it on but it I feel like even
though I was at the end of the color
process I was like okay I think that's
what I like
once the sealer was on I actually really
liked it yeah the the sealing process
was was relatively easy - just putting
it on and rolling it off all the tools
that you need to do that process or in
the kit and it just made it really
straightforward really simple to do that
I know that if we went out and bought a
different kind of countertop we would
have spent thousands and thousands more
and so to be able to do this and to do
it ourselves even saving money over
having a contractor do it and it was
very doable I'm just excited to use it
well we have people in and out every
week lots of different people so it gets
used a lot so I like for it to be
functional and for it to look nice yeah
we have people that are home a lot I'm
excited to see people's reactions when
they come in because it looks
dramatically different from what it did
before
I'm very happy with it I really like how
it looks and I'm just excited to use it
I'm thrilled with the countertops very
excited about and very excited that just
it was really easy to do really
straightforward just the homeowner can
so dramatically change the look of a
kitchen with the kid